# Week-12----SCP-Maze
This maze took inspirtation from internet horror, albiet with a less serious tone. The first challenge that I faced was finding a set of cohesive assets. The SNAPS office prefabs had been deprecated so I used a free sci-fi office pack from the Unity Asset Store. The Sci-Fi asset pack I used had a corporate office look and is inspired by retro-futurism, meaning the designs look futuristic but are inspired more by classic sci-fi's future-building more than modern sci-fi. I wanted an aesthetic that looked like it was from a dystopian 1970s Sci-Fi film, and I found it. 
The next challenge was implementing multiple keycards that could represent different access levels. In Doom 1993, the game features a multi-colored keycard system where the player must collect a blue key, a red key, and a yellow key to complete a level. I wanted a similar system but used a set of free prefabs that are SCP Keycards. SCP is an internet phenomena where people create and share monster designs and short fiction pieces about a fictional organization called "The SCP Foundation." SCP stands for "Secure, Contain, Protection" and is an organization tasked with containing supernatural entities. I wanted to add NPCs to the maze but this task would prove too lengthy.
I used a fantasy creature asset pack to add more interesting characters to the maze. It took a long time to write several display text for every creature and every feature in the maze. I re-purposed the "DisplayWinMessage" script, created a green material and attached the material and script to the tile, then placed these tiles throughout the maze fo rhte player to disocver.
I wanted to provide information and guidance to the player without holding their hand too much and without confusing them. The green tiles are inviting to the player, and I tried to provide clear instruction through the narrative. I wanted to weave the messages into the narrative of the maze, this way the player feels like they are interacting with a separate world.
Overall, I tried to use assets, scripts, and text to create a miniature world where the player feels like a new employee lost in the office on the first day of work. Except work, in this case, is in a supernatural containment corporation.
Asset Links:
Scifi Office: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/sci-fi/free-sci-fi-office-pack-195067
Creatures Pack: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/creatures/heroic-fantasy-creatures-full-pack-volume-1-5730 (this is NOT a free asset, please, if you download the project from this github DO NOT use the creature assets for any of your personal projects unless you've purchased this pack from the Unity Asset store).
SCP Cards: https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/scp-keycards-e519db7553674745be0838e1dce9fce3
